hi I'm dr. pixie McKenna and today I'm
going to share with you my top tips on
how to get the best out of your amoliant
whether it's for your own skin or that
of a loved one patients often ask me how
much ammonia should they apply you
should aim to use a teaspoon size worth
to cover an area about the same size as
your palm you should apply it liberally
ami to get a shimmer of your moment on
the skin when you're applying your
amoliant it's really important to apply
it in the direction of your hair and
avoid the temptation to rub it in
vigorously because this will only serve
to irritate the skin you could use an
oil in such as set Rabanne for this it's
really difficult to remember to apply
your amoliant so what are.what advise
you to do is attach it to particular
times of the day so you might want to
put it on in the morning after you've
had your shower just before lunch
when you come home from work and then
before you go to bed it's a great idea
to apply amoliant after a bath or a
shower because that actually traps an
extra layer of water so it gives you
extra hydration the other thing is
always remember when you're going out
for the day or whether you're going to
work that you need to bring your
amoliant with you and there are very
handy 50 gram size containers that will
fit really simple even to your handbag
in terms of what you're washing your
skin with it's advisable to avoid
regular soaps and shower gels and switch
to bath additives and soap substitutes
ideally you want to choose products that
are sodium lauryl sulfate free and
parabens free because these two
constituents are known to aggravate
sensitive skin top tips for getting the
best from your emollient are apply
liberally aiming for a shimmer on your
skin apply in the direction of your skin
hair use your amoliant at least four
times a day try to get into a routine
and consider bath additives and soap
substitutes
you